I need you to get here, Mark.
I'll fly back as soon as I can.
This story that my mom tells
about my brother signing up after 9/11,
it's not true. She made him enlist.
Matt was doing drugs and selling drugs
even back then.
What's the matter?
Her heart rate started racing.
She's waking up.
Tony, we're
inclined to discharge you,
but you'll have to go to
family-counseling sessions
with your father every week.
Go talk to the other punk.
He's in gangs. He's in drugs. He's illegal.
Those are the ones always
make the rest of us look bad.
A warrant's come
up for you in Mexico.
They're gonna extradite you.
You're leaving Los Cuetes?
I'm done.
Yeah, you done, bitch.
You're gonna get counseling,
and you are going to engage
your mother and your brother.
I can't breathe with these people here.
The proof of Mr. nix's
guilt is not as evident
as when the court determined
bail was not appropriate.
A $100,000 bond?
If you're willing to accept our freedom,
then you have to be willing
to accept what comes with it.
And you need to stay away from that girl.
Aubry... she's not what
you're saying she is.
I love her.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Uh...
Russ, why don't you go back
into the car? I can do this.
No, I'm okay. I'm okay.
Thank you.
Synced by emmasan
www.addic7ed.com
Your certificate of release
binds you to the following obligations.
Each of these obligations you
are required to adhere to,
or the certificate will be voided.
You shall not leave the geographic limits
fixed by the certificate of release
without written permission
of your supervision officer.
Under no circumstances
shall you tamper with, modify,
or remove your ankle unit.
You shall not drink alcoholic
beverages to excess.
You shall not purchase, possess,
sell, manufacture, use,
or distribute any controlled substances.
You shall not violate any law,
nor shall you associate
with persons engaged in criminal activity.
Do you understand and do you
agree to these stipulations?
Yes.
Do you want to eat?
When was the last time
you had some good food?
I could go for some ribs.
I'm not buying pork.
If you want some barbecue,
I'll get you some chicken,
but I'm not doing pork.
So, when we get home,
you and me, we'll change, and
then we'll go by the garage.
For what?
It's a surprise.
Not for anything. It's just a surprise.
Well, what's the surprise?
We'll get to the garage,
and then you'll see.
Can't you just tell him what it is?
Please?
I got the car back.
I got the car back from the police.
I-it needs a lot of work,
but whatever they broke,
you and me, we can fix it.
Why would I want to work on that car?!
Mijo, we always work on that car.
The one I got arrested in?!
Why would I want to see that again?!
God, you're stupid, you know?!
Who's paying for this?
You are.
Tomorrow, you'll rest,
and then Wednesday you'll
start working at the Masjid.
Doing what?
You'll help out with the accounting.
I ain't doing that crap.
Don't use that type of language.
- What the hell?
- Carter...
- Look, I'm paying for this place...
I can talk how I want.
Here. Take this.
It's not about you.
The apartment, the bond money...
That's a whole lot from
a whole lot of people.
They look at you and they see themselves...
A good man, bad mistakes, second chances.
I mean, m-maybe... Maybe they're
giving you what they never got.
I ain't carrying them on my back.
You're not carrying them.
They're carrying you.
Tomorrow, you'll rest,
and then Wednesday, I'll be back at 9:00.
Please be ready.
Doreen.
That's not my name.
Look, come on.
You're my sister.
Doreen is my sister.
I could use family to talk to right now.
Family.
Not somebody who got herself a new name.
It's not just a new name.
I'll be back Wednesday at 9:00.
You look good.
You look healthy.
- Hmm. Eight days sober.
- Oh.
I keep telling Ruth and
Brian how well you're doing.
They'd like to see for themselves.
They'd like to take you out tonight.
I'm not going out with them.
They're not my family.
You know what? Stop it.
We're all your family.
Tolerate me, why can't you put up with them?
That woman...
And Brian's a dope. He's an idiot.
They are staying up here for you.
They just want to support you.
And I am doing all this for you,
so please don't spoil my mood.
It's hard enough to not
want to funnel some Tequila
without having them around.
Is it okay if I borrow your car?
I have to get to my N.A. meeting,
and that crowd on the bus is
not conducive to sobriety.
And I'd like to shop for some clothes.
New attitude, new clothes.
Maybe I'll rent you a car.
Rent?
Well, you're gonna be stuck
up here another five months...
- Six months.
- Six months doing this probation.
Might as well have a little independence.
New attitude, new car.
Okay. Stop it.
Come on.
Eh, you're as bad as me.
Not that bad.
In exchange for any
additional information,
we'd be willing to contact
the magistrate in Sinaloa on your behalf
and tell them you were
a cooperative witness.
What does that do?
That don't do nothing.
We'd request leniency.
You think they care?
The only thing you really have
right now is Hector's testimony.
He's got more to say, but
he's not saying anything
if you're sending him back to Mexico.
That's not us. Deportation's federal.
It's not deportation.
It's extradition.
And if I'm facing charges here,
then you don't have to send me anywhere.
I'm not dumb. Don't act like I am.
Why you here?
- W-why am I...
- You sitting there
'cause you don't got... else on this Carter
except what I tell you.
You didn't give a damn about me before,
but you're gonna give a damn now.
So, you need to dial up somebody.
You need to talk to who in the hell ever,
and you need to come back
and you need to show me something for real!
I don't do nothing for free.
Nothing.
Was I like this?
How do you not remember?
You're like a girl. Only girls
remember that kind of stuff.
You were the other way.
You were standing there, looking over at me
with a beer in your hand.
And?
What did you think?
You saw me, and what did you think?
♪ She'll tear you down
and build you up ♪
♪ She'll haunt your bed
and take your love ♪
It's a satellite thing.
That's a data-pushing one-piece GPS.
If you go outside the city limits,
it sends an e-mail to your bail officer.
It's all on the Internet.
Come on. Careful with that.
My dad actually thinks I'm sober.
He's such a dope.
I keep telling him to get Ruth
and Brian out of my hair,
but he won't do it.
Families, man.
How's princess Leia?
Aliyah.
Princess Aliyah.
Black maleficent.
Racist bitch, her and her whole group.
At least she cares about you.
She doesn't care about me.
All she cares about
is saving her brother from
some evil white na na,
and any brother will do.
You think she can do it?
You think she can get you off?
Everybody in this city better hope so,
or she'll take her
flamethrower to this joint.
I'm serious.
You think she can save you?
Save me from what?
There ain't nothing to save me from.
They want to kill you.
They're ready to kill you.
You see how I'm out.
You see how all this is
falling apart on them.
That's 'cause they got nothing.
They're not gonna kill me.
When's the princess coming back?
Wednesday.
So, we've got a day.
We've got a day.
Mark.
Come on.
It's just painful, to
bury your brother in Oakland,
the last place he'd ever want to be.
It's for Gwen.
What does she care?
She was off running around, sleeping around.
Tom and Eve, after all that,
they can't even show up.
They want a separate service.
Well, they're going through a lot.
I'm going through a lot.
This... whole thing, my God.
You think this family's
ever gonna be normal?
This family was never normal, not once.
It's just you and me now.
That's it.
Luis?
Who's this?
I'm friends with Edgar.
Friend who?
Tony. I was in juvie with Edgar.
Yeah? So what? He gave me your
number, and he said I should reach out.
He said...
He said you're kind of a
punk and owe him money.
Yeah, you know Edgar.
Here's what's up...
Uh, text me where you're
at and I'll roll through.
Hey, you Tony?
Yeah. That's for Edgar.
Tell him I put a little sweetness
on top so he can shut up.
He good to you in juvie?
Yeah, he did some good looking out.
I don't get to see him.
It's just depressing.
- What are you doing?
- Nothing.
Why don't you come hang some?
Tell me what's up with my cuz.
Come on, man. It ain't
like you got... to do.
Let's hit it.
- All right.
- All right. Let's go.
Mm.
- What did you do?
- Relax.
- What the hell did you do?
- I cut you loose.
You stupid? They're gonna come get me!
No, they're not.
- They're gonna stick me back inside!
- It's been an hour and a half,
and nobody's coming.
An hour?
It only goes off if you go outside the city.
When they come find me,
and I don't have this on...
They'll find you if you're
here when they come looking.
I've got a rental car.
It's about a thousand miles from
here to the Canadian border.
- We get to Vancouver...
- What?
More Vietnamese transports dock in Vancouver
than any other port in
the Pacific Northwest.
We get a coyote to
smuggle us back to Vietnam.
They have no extradition
agreement with the U.S.
What... What the hell?
The two months you were in prison,
I have been thinking about this.
- I have been thinking about this.
- It's crazy. It's insane!
You getting executed for
something you didn't do...
That's crazy.
That's insane.
And I'm trapped here watching it happen.
I can't be like this. I can't.
I want...
Look at them.
Okay?
Look at how happy they are.
They're not real.
They are.
Those are real people.
They are somewhere, they are
happy, and they're in love.
You're high.
I am that close to being
sober, and I hate how it feels,
but when I think about you
and I think on how I met you,
it's the only thing that makes me feel good.
I'm gonna do what I have
to to keep you alive.
So, are you coming, or are you staying?
You okay?
Hmm? What's that?
Are you all right? You seem kind of...
Yeah, yeah.
I, uh, I just, uh, I had
a... not my best week.
Nothing you want to talk about?
Well, you seem pretty happy.
- No reason to ruin that with my...
- Ruin it?
With my problems.
I bet my drama can beat your drama any day.
I don't bet.
Well, happy to share drama
for free sometime, then.
Okay?
Yeah, that's very okay.
Thank you.
Yeah. Of course.
Edgar, man, he's a trip.
That's his third time in juvie?
Third time. He talks about how I'm lazy?
He's cool.
Yeah, he's cool. I love him.
It's just, he's just ignorant.
Been nuts since I been out, you know?
I got people looking at me,
people in church looking at me.
My papi acts like nothing happened,
like he wasn't the one who
got me in trouble first off.
Why do you care what people think, dog? Huh?
You survived that nonsense, que no?
I was 10 the first time I went into juvie.
I haven't been back inside since.
Straighten you out?
Just can't be obvious about it,
you know what I'm saying?
Look, you do what you got to do,
but you can't be obvious about it.
Don't be hanging out
with gangs or being loud.
Like me, I got me a 9-to-5,
but don't get it twisted, dog.
I still do my thing on the side, homie.
What kind of things?
Ah, look at you.
You want a piece of my action now or what?
- Nah.
- Huh?
Hey, dude, fool, it's all good.
If you get in this game, you
got to be smart from the jump.
You hear what I'm saying?
Around cops, you keep your mouth shut.
And if your pops don't know
that, you got to know it.
You don't depend on nobody.
You depend on yourself and that's it.
It's all good, dog.
You just got your cherry popped, that's all.
Hey, you're good with Edgar,
which means you're good with me, dog.
I got your back, all right?
Good.
Eat up.
Am I gonna have trouble getting into Canada?
All you need is a driver's license.
I think you need a passport.
Just a license.
A license was back in the day.
You need a passport now.
So, we get to Canada,
where we find this coyote?
At the docks.
Some guy you know, or are
we just finding somebody?
Oh, we'll find somebody at the docks.
It's where they hang out.
Hey, give me a beer.
I think we're out.
- We find this guy, and then how we gonna...
- Yes, I said we'll find somebody.
We find him.
How we gonna get him to
smuggle us to Vietnam?
We'll pay him.
The whole time you were in
jail, I thought about it.
Just run with me, okay?
Gosh, you stress me out.
I got to get a beer.
It's a middle ground, Alonzo.
For us, it's about being
compassionate in all respects.
- By kicking us out of the church?
- That's not what we're doing.
We're not asking you to leave.
- Tony and Jenny,
they were both baptized there.
You had services for Roberta there.
We have to be mindful of
the whole congregation.
We're a sanctuary church.
We made a commitment to protect
the very same people you're
debasing on television.
I'm not... I'm not...
All I said is what happened,
- and the illegal got Tony in trouble.
- A young man.
A young man got Tony in trouble.
His status doesn't have
any more to do with it
than his race or his faith.
No. No.
He broke the law when
he came to this country.
He did.
And there are a whole lot of us who didn't.
But you want to give him
a seat in the front row,
and the rest of us can just go to hell.
Your family's always welcome.
Always.
But for everyone's comfort,
we ask that you do your best
to avoid the Sunday mass.
There's plenty of room in
the Saturday-night mass.
Saturday night.
This isn't an excommunication.
They tagged my shop,
they called me names,
and you care more about them
than you do about my family.
If you ever want to
reconcile with the church,
I'd be more than willing to help.
- Hey.
Can we talk?
Mm-hmm.
Uh, so, um...
I got some news, I guess.
I'm getting married.
You guess?
That's... well, that's wonderful news!
Uh, where did you meet her?
In Germany. She's got rank on me.
She's your boss?
Yeah, sort of.
You have to follow her orders?
I love her.
When can I meet her? What's her name?
Well, she wanted to come to the funeral,
but she couldn't get leave.
You have a picture of her?
Uh...
Mark, is she pregnant?
No... No, she's not pregnant.
Well, I don't know. It's just so fast.
It's not that fast, really.
I've been dating her for a year now.
And you're just telling me?
I didn't know how you'd take it.
I'm happy for you. Why wouldn't I be?
Why wouldn't I be happy for you?
Mom, she's a woman of color.
What does that mean, color? She's black?
- No.
- Then what is she?
Why do you need to know so badly?
I don't need to know. You're
the one that's not telling me.
Why are you... why are you
making such a big deal out of this?
Because well, I-I know how you were
when Matt and I were growing up,
I see what you're doing
here in Modesto, and...
What am I doing here in Modesto
except trying to make things
right for your brother?
How?
By going on and on about
blacks and illegals?
They killed your brother.
No, some ass... killed my brother, mom.
But before any of this happened,
it was the same kind of talk from you,
the same talk about black
people, about "those" people.
I never said anything. You're the one...
- You're the one that's making
- No... no, you don't know
- the issue out of your girlfriend.
- how that messed me and Matt up.
And then you dump Matt in the army
because you think that's gonna help him?
The army isn't family counseling, mom.
And if you start off bad,
there's a whole different
place you can go to.
But not you? You're
better than your brother?
I'm luckier. I woke up in my head.
I looked around. I saw people
around me that had my back...
- Black people, white people, people of color.
- You sound like you're...
You sound like you're under the
influence. You really do.
Did... did your... did your girlfriend
give you a little study guide
- on what to say to your mother?
- Okay, Russ... Russ
suing you over Matt's body,
you still pretending that Matt
was some kind of a war hero,
and Gwen sleeping around because
Matt was so messed up on drugs!
I asked you if you thought
we would ever be normal,
and you said no.
So, how am I supposed to drop
my fiancée into all this?
What's her name?
Richelle.
Is she coming up here?
When her furlough comes through,
yes, she'll be staying with me for a while.
Can I meet her?
It was so hard for me when
you and Matt were growing up.
Yeah. Yeah, I know. I know it was hard, mom.
But I can't do anything
about how things were.
I can only deal with how things are now.
I-5 north, straight shot. See?
We should just go to Seattle.
Seattle? Only good thing
out of Seattle was Hendrix.
It's the same thing as going to Vancouver,
but we don't have to hassle with the border.
How do we get a boat in Seattle?
How do we get a boat in Vancouver?
Two months I've been thinking about this.
Two months.
Were you drinking while you were thinking?
You need to be drinking.
I want to be with you.
Like the first time, okay?
Like when we first met.
Jenny, what's up, mama?
- I don't get a "hello"?
- No.
What's up with your brother?
- Heard they let that little freak out.
- Shut up.
- Boy's a little juvie punk.
- You better watch your mouth.
Heard he pounded some
girl with his little pee-pee.
That's what happened? Pounded her?
And some black dude shot her in the head?
Your brother's cold gangsta.
Bitch, are you crazy?!
Ow! Are you crazy, bitch?!
Hey! Hey! Cut it out! Let her go!
Leave her!
Don't drink and drive.
Don't!
You told me not to drink and drive.
Quit messing around.
I'm not getting sent back
inside for some nonsense...
Drinking and driving, littering.
How long have we been on the road?
Maybe 40 minutes.
No way. It's been a couple hours.
We stopped, we got beer,
had us a little picnic.
Feels like hours.
We should do some drugs.
You have any drugs?
How the hell am I gonna have drugs?
We could get some.
We'll get some in Seattle.
- We're not going to Seattle! We're going...
- we'll get some wherever.
We don't know anybody in Canada.
We should go back to Modesto.
- What?
- Get some money from my dad.
He'd give me money.
- We're not going back to Modesto.
- Get us, like, an orgy of drugs,
have us one massive smackfest,
- and then we go back.
- They're looking for me in Modesto.
But not yet!
We're not going back to score some...
Okay, we get to where we're
going, and I'll hook you up.
Same as always.
I swear.
I'll take care of you.
But we got to get back to where we're going.
Okay.
- We can't go back. We're not going back.
- Why are you being like this?
- We've got people chasing us!
- Why won't you let me have a hit?
- We get to where we're going,
- I just hit a couple!
- then you can get lit up!
- Why won't you let me have this?
- People are chasing us!
- Just need a couple!
- You hate me! Why do you hate...
- I don't hate you, but we're not...
- Why won't you let me have one?!
- Get to where we're going, then you can get...
- You're an ass!
- We're not going back!
Ow.
I'm gonna get some money from my dad,
get some drugs.
It's all good.
Michael.
Mi... Hey.
Where's Michael? He's with mom.
When's he coming back?
I don't know. Probably not long.
I'm just hanging out.
They'll be back.
Can I get you, like a-a coke or something?
No.
- How's everything?
- Good.
How's, uh, your meetings and everything?
Okay.
That's great. We're all real proud of you.
I know it's not easy what you're
going through, but it's great...
Don't you have a job or something?
You've been here for like two months.
Don't you have a job?
I'm back at school.
I'm getting my master's. I told you that.
I took this semester off to be here.
You okay?
When's Michael coming back?
- Do you want me to call him?
- No.
I just need to borrow some money.
I can lend you some money.
How much?
Oh, like, uh...$500.
- $500?
- Mm- hmm.
It's for a dress.
He wants me to look pretty.
I don't have $500.
How much you got?
$85... $87.
I can make myself
look good for $87.
Everybody really wants you
to clean up and come home.
Aubry, what's up, girl? Where you been?
It's been crazy. Crazy
like you wouldn't know.
Yeah? What's up, Carter?
Hey.
So, look, we need a hook-up.
We got cash. We're not messing around.
We're looking to get lit up.
Yeah, for sure.
Yo, dog!
Hey, come in here, man. We fixin' to party.
Yeah.
So, what y'all looking for?
Y'all want to get up?
You want to chill? What?
Nah, man. Just looking
to do business and go, man.
I'm good. Cool.
What's up with your boy?
Why you so grim?
He's been in jail.
He sobered up.
Jail. For real?
Hey, hey, don't mess with that.
That's some serious horse there.
Hey, what they send you in there for?
Nothing.
Yeah. One time I did two
years in a three-to-five.
I came out of that.
They nearly had me clean.
Aubry.
Nearly. Man.
Aubry. That's good.
Come on, aubry.
Yo! Come on, Stevie! We're partying!
That's him, man. Th-that's
the dude who ripped me off!
Beat his ass!
Carter!
Hey!
Come on!
Things just work
out, you know? They do.
They were bananas getting
here, but we're fixed now.
We are fixed.
You killed him.
He was gonna kill you.
All he was gonna do...
He was gonna kick my ass.
And I should've let him?
Seriously, I should've
just let him kick your ass
and just let the cops haul you in?
They're going to go to the police.
And bitch about
how we stole the drugs
they were gonna sell to schoolchildren?
They're not going to the police.
You tore up his ass before,
and he didn't tell anybody.
Look, we started the day with nothing,
now we got maybe $1,000 worth of product.
You telling me we can't
get to Vietnam on this?
We do this,
we float a little bit, then
we push some, we get paid,
and we get out.
Then it's you and me.
It's you and me just like
the people in the magazines.
You can sit there and be
where joy goes to die...
Or you can come get some.
But I'm having a party,
and all by myself if I got to.
- Where the hell are you?!
- We're trying to find you.
- W-where are they?!
- If you can give me an address,
- anything that might...
- I-I-I-I don't have an address!
Sir, do you hear sirens?
Look, we're at a hotel, okay?!
W-we're at a motel!
Sir, the paramedics are on their way.
Please stay where you are.
Aubrey, baby.
I love you. Come on... get up.
Get up, Aubry, get up!
Come on, baby. Come on, baby, please.
Please don't leave me. don't leave me, baby.
Aubry!
Sir, I'm gonna
need you to step away.
- Tell me what happened.
- Get up, Aubry, get up!
No!
- My girlfriend.
- Looks like an overdose.
- She's not responsive.
- Yeah, yeah.
- What kind?
- Heroin, man, all right?
Just... just wake her up! All right?!
Wake her up!
Aubry!
Aubry make it?
Where is she?
Where's Aubry?
Synced by emmasan
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org